README.md, before:

# Wplace Firefly

Wplace Firefly is a website created to assist users with templating when they may not have templating scripts like [Blue Marble](https://github.com/SwingTheVine/Wplace-BlueMarble) installed.

## How It Works

Wplace Firefly compares the current state of the canvas against the template. 
A random pixel can be retrieved with a link that sends you to the Wplace pixel. 
Additionally, a color guide (Free Colors) is provided to help you select the correct color.

Wplace Firefly does not automate placing of pixels or rely on any crawling and scraping of the Wplace website.

## Why Not Use A Templating Script

Although using Blue Marble would be faster, Wplace Firefly does not inject any code into the client.
Therefore, usage of Blue Marble is technically more in a grey area regarding Wplace TOS and is tracable if certain checks were to be implemented.

Personally, I would still recommend Blue Marble. 
If you're planning on placing many pixels, its much faster to have a direct overalay over the canvas.

This project is mostly for individuals who have little knowledge of Wplace.
It offers them a simple way to contribute to various projects without requiring user-installed tools.

## Setup 

`npm i`

`npm run dev`

Commit message:

Add support for custom templates, add school live template, add help prompt, and support template dropdown

README.md, after:

# Wplace Firefly

Wplace Firefly is a website created to assist users with templating when they may not have templating scripts like [Blue Marble](https://github.com/SwingTheVine/Wplace-BlueMarble) installed.

## License

All source code for Wplace Firefly is MIT Licensed. 
For the `public/` directory, please refer to the artists for appropriate licensing on each individual asset. 

## How It Works

Wplace Firefly compares the current state of the canvas against the template. 
A random pixel can be retrieved with a link that sends you to the Wplace pixel. 
Additionally, a color guide (Free Colors) is provided to help you select the correct color.

Wplace Firefly does not automate placing of pixels or rely on any crawling and scraping of the Wplace website.

## Why Not Use A Templating Script

Although using Blue Marble would be faster, Wplace Firefly does not inject any code into the client.
Therefore, usage of Blue Marble is technically more in a grey area regarding Wplace TOS and is tracable if certain checks were to be implemented.

Personally, I would still recommend Blue Marble. 
If you're planning on placing many pixels, its much faster to have a direct overlay over the canvas.

This project is mostly for individuals who have little knowledge of Wplace.
It offers them a simple way to contribute to various projects without requiring user-installed tools.

## Setup 

`npm i`

`npm run dev`

## Examples

### Main UI
![Main UI](/public/help/help_1.png)

### Selected Template
![Selected Template](/public/help/help_2.png)

### Color Guide
![Color Guide](/public/help/help_3.png)

### Custom Templates
![Custom Templates](/public/help/help_4.png)
